#This is an example letter downloaded from https://www.thebalancecareers.com
Mike Harrison
8 Sue Circle 
Smithtown, CA 09284 
505-666-6666 
mike.harrison@emailexample.com


September 1, 2019

George Gilhooley 
Times Union
87 Delaware Road 
Hatfield, CA 08065

Dear Mr. Gilhooley,

I am writing to apply for the programmer position advertised in the Times Union. As requested, I enclose a completed job application, my certification, my resume and three references.

The role is very appealing to me, and I believe that my strong technical experience and education make me a highly competitive candidate for this position. My key strengths that would support my success in this position include:

I have successfully designed, developed and supported live-use applications.
I strive continually for excellence.
I provide exceptional contributions to customer service for all customers.
With a BS degree in Computer Programming, I have a comprehensive understanding of the full lifecycle for software development projects. I also have experience in learning and applying new technologies as appropriate. Please see my resume for additional information on my experience.

I can be reached anytime via email at john.donaldson@emailexample.com, by calling 800-333-333 and asking for Mike Harrison or by cell phone, 909-555-5555.

My responsibilities have included the development and management of: website editorial voice and style; editorial calendars; and the daily content programming and production for various websites.

I have worked closely with healthcare professionals and medical editors to help them to provide the best possible information to a consumer audience of patients. I have also helped physicians to use their medical content to write user-friendly and easily comprehensible text.

Experience has taught me how to build strong relationships with all departments in an organization. I have the ability to work within a team as well as cross-team. I can work with web engineers to resolve technical issues and implement technical enhancements. 

I am Mike Harrison and I'm confident working with development departments to implement design and functional enhancements, and to monitor site statistics and conduct search engine optimization.

Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to speaking with you about this employment opportunity.

Sincerely,

Mike Harrison

PS:I'm simply the best candiate for any job